# the-day-of-week-effect-among-cryptocurrencies
Though the exponential growth of cryptocurrencies attracted lots of attention from researchers and investors in recent years, the cryptocurrency market is still largely unexplored because it is still comparatively new. A strand of literature focuses on improving investment portfolios and asset hedging (Baur et al., 2022; Conlon et al., 2020; Akhtaruzzaman et al., 2020). A few papers have studied the calendar effects in the cryptocurrency market. Calendar effects are the propensity for the financial markets to display recognizable patterns based on particular days, weeks, or months of the year.

While nowadays there is a growing study doing research with seasonality in cryptocurrencies, many of these studies are generally limited to one cryptocurrency (Bitcoin) and use the parametric generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedastic (GARCH) model. At this point, we find that there is no literature to use the stochastic dominance (SD) method to study the calendar effects in the cryptocurrency market. The key attraction of the SD approach is that it studies the entire distribution of returns directly. The advantage of SD analysis over the parametric approaches becomes apparent when the distribution of stock returns is not normal. As a result, the SD approach is superior to the traditional methods for analyzing investment decision-making under uncertainty. As far as we know, this project is the first work to use the SD approach to explore this topic.

In this report, we study weekly anomalies in returns and volatility of the top 3 largest market capitalization cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH, USDT) with Mean-Variance analysis and SD method via the Contact-set approach (Linton, O., Song, K., & Whang, Y. J., 2010), the Selective recentering approach (Donald, S. G., & Hsu, Y. C., 2016), and the Numerical delta method (Hong, H., & Li, J., 2018). We find the Monday effect and Saturday effect with BTC, and Monday effect and Saturday effect with ETH as well.


Here, I'm going to show you how I do web scraping, data cleansing, statistical analysis with Python.
